Consciousness is the process of creating a model of the world using multiple feedback loops in various parameters, in order to accomplish a goal.
The lowest level of consciousness creates a model of its place using feedback loops in a few parameters.
The simplest level of consciousness is a thermostat.
Each feedback loop registers “one unit of consciousness".
A thermostat would have a single unit of Level 0 consciousness.
Consciousness is a system of hierarchies that can be ranked numerically.
Level 1 consciousness includes a new set of parameters to measure their changing location.
One example of Level 1 consciousness would be reptiles.
Level 1 consciousness is governed mainly by the reptilian brain, located in the back and center of the human head.
Level 2 consciousness needs a model of their place not only in space but also with respect to others.
Level 2 consciousness coincides with the formation of new structures of the brain in the form of the limbic system.
The degree of Level II consciousness is the total number of distinct feedback loops required for an animal to interact socially with members of its grouping.
The difference between man and the higher animals is certainly one of degree and not of kind.
Humans are alone in the animal kingdom in understanding the concept of tomorrow.
Level 3 consciousness creates a model of its place in the world and then simulates it into the future, by making rough predictions.
Human consciousness is a specific form of consciousness that creates a model of the world and then simulates it in time, by evaluating the past to simulate the future.
The human brain is an ‘anticipation machine,’ and ‘making the future’ is the most important thing it does.
Area 10, in the lateral prefrontal cortex, is almost twice as large in humans as in apes.
The point of running simulations is to evaluate various possibilities to make the best decision to fulfill a goal.
This occurs in the prefrontal cortex, which allows us to simulate the future and evaluate the possibilities in order to chart the best course of action.
The essence of humor is when our simulation of the future is suddenly disrupted in surprising ways.
Intelligence may be viewed as the complexity of our simulations of the future.
The stream of Level 1 consciousness is created by the flow of information from the thalamus to the prefrontal cortex.
Level 1 consciousness uses sensations to create a model of our physical location in space.
Level 2 consciousness creates a model of our place in society.
Emotions originate and are processed in the limbic system.
Level 2 consciousness involves the reaction of the amygdala, hippocampus, and prefrontal cortex.
The Theory of Mind is the ability to infer the thoughts of others.
The mastery of the Theory of Mind was essential in the evolution of the brain.
Mirror neurons fire when you are performing a certain task and also when you see someone else performing that same task.
Mirror neurons were first found in the premotor areas of monkey brains.
Mirror neurons will do for psychology what DNA did for biology.
Level 3 consciousness, in which we take our model of the world and then run simulations into the future.
These simulations are done mainly in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, the CEO of the brain, using memories of the past.
The actual process of simulating the future takes place when the prefrontal cortex accesses the memories of the past in order to approximate future events.
Self-awareness is creating a model of the world and simulating the future in which you appear.
Most of the time we think about something that happened to us or what we think about other people.
Consciousness is cobbled together from many subunits of the brain, each competing with the others to create a model of the world.
The left brain is the “interpreter,” which is constantly thinking up ideas to paper over inconsistencies and gaps in our consciousness.
The left brain ignores inconsistencies and papers over obvious gaps in order to give us a smooth sense of a single “I.”
The left brain is constantly asking “Why?” and dreaming up excuses even if the question has no answer.
