Edgar Allan Poe
has written a very eerie poem this month
with many allusions to the latest botanical blogging.
A very cute hand
carved natural pumpkin
hanging about 6.5 ft in the air,
and my little lens wasn’t cutting it.
So I popped on my big lens
and got it all.
Dark shadows melded with the night sky,
making it difficult to tell
where the land met the heavens.
Egypt. This rigid regime.
Black & white photos, zonal winds.
The three most dusty summers.
The inventor of rock & roll, among others,
allowed to dry in a gentle stream of clean air,
then stored in a dust-proof container.
In the movie The American
(the 2010 film The American,
which sees George Clooney
as Jack, an assassin and gunsmith) George Clooney
(looking effortless in the Persol
3009) wears a pair of Havana-coloured Persol
2883 sunglasses.
I dreamt about chasing down an ice-cream truck,
and then finding an ice-cream truck parked.
Ordered the pineapple ice-cream.
Godfather of clocks,
defy weather and waves,
set for colonisation of moon.
Hi Guys! Keryn and I went swimming!
The deepest indoor swimming pool in the world.
The portal is located in Brussels, Belgium.
Its maximum depth is 34.5 metres.
I tried to bring you guys in the pool with us,
but it was too dark to see or steal her tiara.
I will confirm this tomorrow!
Fun photo of Sam and Sonia
ravishing raspberries on a recent trip
well into the winter.
Pink to red-purple with a drugstore splurge,
they are available all year around.
So pretty. Perfect for a party!
But the imagery is important this morning.
Let us draw near to Russia.
Let us go right into the presence of film criticism.
Let us celebrate music since 2002.
Let us give out pies and eat corn dogs.
From childhood, we seem to nurture pictures
so much better that isn’t even fair to compare.
You have stalked this blog,
you must really like me.
Message me anytime
even if it’s just to talk.
I blog about whatever I want.
Spotted these lights as I was heading up the stairs.
It was very cold, but wasn’t snowing.
This is a repost from last October.
A few weeks ago you may recall
there was a lot of speculation in the media
about the weather for winter.
Lightning and thunder can send shudders
through your spine. Late October rain.
Drizzling down. Talent that touches your heart.
Most of us in our childhood used to fear thunder,
but see now it’s just a fun for me.
I have to apologise if I’m not around the next few days.
I took these pictures with a 30 sec. exposure
and a high ISO setting of 1500
to enhance the look of dark days,
an ominous, solid mantle of clouds
with just a sliver of bright sky streaking through.
Are you brave enough for our very final finale?
I have a cat, I have a band or two.
We’ve got cocktails for grown-ups.
I used to review every movie I watched
I usually don’t wander from my 2 regular flavours
from soft-serve in California to scooping in Washington.
Tucked in a tree-lined complex with a stunning ocean view,
I know the current owners of this place. They took over
the establishment around the time I left High School.
They used to own A Slice of Summer;
Everyday is like Sundae for years to come.
Around the west there’s reason for nostalgia.
Just looking through old stuff and quite liked this one.
Post-Internet is defined as a result of the contemporary moment:
inherently informed by ubiquitous authorship,
the development of attention as currency,
the collapse of physical space in networked culture,
and the infinite reproducibility and mutability of digital materials.
Oh my goodness gracious,
What you can buy off the Internet
In terms of overhead photography!
A trained ape can know an awful lot
Of what is going on in this world,
Just by punching on his mouse
For a relatively modest cost!
Regardless of age,
regardless of position,
regardless of the business we happen to be in,
all of us need to understand the importance of branding.
We are CEOs of our own companies: Me Inc.
To be in business today,
our most important job is to be head marketer for the brand called You.
BUY NOW BUY NOW BUY NOW BUY NOW BUY NOW NEW CAR NOW NEW CAR NOW NEW CAR NOW YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
in your luxury woollen garment you are an advertisement
for luxury woollen garments
All day I have been watching women
crush ripe tomatoes in their cleavage
whatever you can think of
someone’s already done it
I was dressed up as a witch doctor
and used this stick of judgement
taking back the names of creatures
restoring them to myth […]
after I’d taken back everything
I kept hold of my stick using it
to designate the categories that really matter
while adding bones and wings to my hat
sitting up here out of danger
I hate this / I like that
In 3 years I have been awarded
£48,000 by various funding bodies
councils and publishing houses
for my contributions to the art
and I would like to acknowledge
the initiatives put in place
by the government and the rigorous
assessment criteria under which
my work has thrived since 2008
I have written 20 or 21 poems
developed a taste for sushi
decent wine bought my acquaintances
many beers many of whom have
never worked a day in their lives
how would you like to touch my palm
and divine how long my working
week has been mostly I watch films
and stare and try to decide what
to wear speaking as a poet I would
rather blow my brains out than run
out of credit as the biographer
of the famously unresolved
50s poet-suicide has commented
capital is the index of meaning
anything is better than stealing
from the Co-op with a clotted heart
without it you don’t survive
Saori Hara born 1st January 1988 Adult Video idol
face of anti-STD campaigns & star of Tokyo 20XX
who is to appear in the world’s first 3D adult movie
whose memoir My Real Name is Mai Kato: Why I
Became an AV Girl was published December 2009
and details what ‘goes on inside an AV Girl’s head
during filming’ and contains the lines ‘The actor
opened his hand in front of me. It seemed really wet,
filled with sweat … But then I realised the wetness
was from me, from down there. At that moment,
it was spurting out of me. I felt messy, ashamed
the sun in paris rides a skateboard
giving everyone high-fives winking
at a man whose wife leans out from
a first-floor hotel balcony standing
by a fish stall in the still shady streets
of the disgusting latin quarter at 7 a.m.
having violet eyes like you-know-who
and lighting the unlit cigarettes of two
american boys with very serious hair
wearing plain white T-shirts and then
it’s off going waterskiing up the seine
it depends if he is genuine or not
if he is it is wonderfully expressive
sensitive overt yet subtle brave art
if he is not it is an arrogance and
conceit a concept daring to see
how stupid people can be how much
they can be conned by confidence
it’s a confidence trick that if he gets
pleasure from makes him in my eyes
an arsehole to do something like that
although it could be argued if the
audience are aware of his exhibitionism
and enjoy the twist to a normal stage
performance it is no matter what his
psychology is and he would not be an
arsehole or a twat only he himself
knows how much of his planned act
however planned is motivated by
honesty and how much is disingenuous
absurdism if that distinction can be made
The young lion will overcome the older one,
On the field of combat in a single battle;
He will pierce his eyes through a golden cage,
Two wounds made one, then he dies a cruel death.
The blood of the just will be demanded of London
Burnt by fire in the year '66.
The ancient Lady will fall from her high place,
And many of the same sect will be killed.
From the enslaved populace, songs,
Chants and demands
While princes and lords are held captive in prisons.
These will in the future by headless idiots
Be received as divine prayers.
PAU, NAY, LORON will be more of fire than of the blood,
To swim in praise,the great one to flee to the confluence.
He will refuse entry to the Piuses,
The depraved ones and the Durance will keep them imprisoned.
The lost thing is discovered, hidden for many centuries.
Pasteur will be celebrated almost as a God-like figure.
This is when the moon completes her great cycle,
But by other rumors he shall be dishonored.
From the depths of the West of Europe,
A young child will be born of poor people,
He who by his tongue will seduce a great troop;
His fame will increase towards the realm of the East.
Beasts ferocious with hunger will cross the rivers,
The greater part of the battlefield will be against Hister.
Into a cage of iron will the great one be drawn,
When the child of Germany observes nothing.
Hercules King of Rome and of Annemark,
Three times one surnamed de Gaulle will lead,
Italy and the one of St Mark to tremble,
First monarch, renowned above all.
Near the gates and within two cities,
There will be scourges the like of which was never seen,
Famine within plague, people put out by steel,
Crying to the great immortal God for relief.
The great man will be struck down in the day by a thunderbolt,
An evil deed foretold by the bearer of a petition.
According to the prediction, another falls at night time.
Conflict at Reims, London and a pestilence in Tuscany.
From the human flock nine will be sent away,
Separated from judgment and counsel:
Their fate will be sealed on departure
Kappa, Thita, Lambda the banished dead err.
God the Last but First the nickname of Nostradamus of the 90's
Takes the Goddess of the Moon for his Day & Movement
A frantic wanderer and witness of Gods Law
In awakening the worlds great regions to Gods will.
The year 1999 seven months
From the sky will come the great King of Terror.
To resuscitate the great king of the Mongols. Before and after Mars reigns by good luck.
Earthshaking fire from the center of the Earth
Will cause tremors around the New City.
Two great rocks will war for a long time,
Then Arethusa will redden a new river.
The sloping park, great calamity,
Through the Lands of the West and Lombardy
The fire in the ship, plague and captivity;
Mercury in Sagittarius, Saturn fading.
