riverrun,
past Eve and Adam's,
from swerve of shore to bend of bay,
brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.
Sir Tristram,
violer d'amores,
fr'over the short sea,
had passencore rearrived from North Armorica on this side the scraggy isthmus of Europe Minor to wielderfight his penisolate war:
nor had topsawyer's rocks by the stream Oconee exaggerated themselse to Laurens County's gorgios while they went doublin their mumper all the time:
nor avoice from afire bellowsed mishe mishe to tauftauf thuartpeatrick not yet,
though venissoon after,
had a kidscad buttended a bland old isaac:
not yet,
though all's fair in vanessy,
were sosie sesthers wroth with twone nathandjoe.
Rot a peck of pa's malt had Jhem or Shen brewed by arclight and rory end to the regginbrow was to be seen ringsome on the aquaface.
The fall (bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk!) of a once wallstrait oldparr is retaled early in bed and later on life down through all christian minstrelsy.
The great fall of the offwall entailed at such short notice the pftjschute of Finnegan,
erse solid man,
that the humptyhillhead of humself prumptly sends an unquiring one well to the west in quest of his tumptytumtoes:
and their upturnpikepointandplace is at the knock out in the park where oranges have been laid to rust upon the green since devlinsfirst loved livvy.
What clashes here of wills gen wonts,
oystrygods gaggin fishygods!
BrÇkkek KÇkkek KÇkkek KÇkkek!
K¢ax K¢ax K¢ax!
Ualu Ualu Ualu!
Quaouauh!
Where the Baddelaries partisans are still out to mathmaster Malachus Micgranes and the Verdons catapelting the camibalistics out of the Whoyteboyce of Hoodie Head.
Assiegates and boomeringstroms.
Sod's brood,
be me fear!
Sanglorians,
save!
Arms apeal with larms,
appalling.
Killykillkilly:
a toll,
a toll.
What chance cuddleys,
what cashels aired and ventilated!
What bidimetoloves sinduced by what tegotetabsolvers!
What true feeling for their's hayair with what strawng voice of false jiccup!
O here here how hoth sprowled met the duskt the father of fornicationists but,
(O my shining stars and body!)
how hath fanespanned most high heaven the skysign of soft advertisement!
But was iz? Iseut? Ere were sewers? The oaks of ald now they lie in peat yet elms leap where askes lay.
Phall if you but will,
rise you must:
and none so soon either shall the pharce for the nunce come to a setdown secular phoenish.
Bygmester Finnegan,
of the Stuttering Hand,
freemen's maurer,
lived in the broadest way immarginable in his rushlit toofarback for messuages before joshuan judges had given us numbers or Helviticus committed deuteronomy (one yeastyday he sternely struxk his tete in a tub for to watsch the future of his fates but ere he swiftly stook it out again,
by the might of moses,
the very water was eviparated and all the guenneses had met their exodus so that ought to show you what a pentschanjeuchy chap he was!) and during mighty odd years this man of hod,
cement and edifices in Toper's Thorp piled buildung supra buildung pon the banks for the livers by the Soangso.
He addle liddle phifie Annie ugged the little craythur.
Wither hayre in honds tuck up your part inher.
Oftwhile balbulous,
mithre ahead,
with goodly trowel in grasp and ivoroiled overalls which he habitacularly fondseed,
like Haroun Childeric Eggeberth he would caligulate by multiplicables the alltitude and malltitude until he seesaw by neatlight of the liquor wheretwin 'twas born,
his roundhead staple of other days to rise in undress maisonry upstanded (joygrantit!),
a waalworth of a skyerscape of most eyeful hoyth entowerly,
erigenating from next to nothing and celescalating the himals and all,
hierarchitectitiptitoploftical,
with a burning bush abob off its baubletop and with larrons o'toolers clittering up and tombles a'buckets clottering down.
Of the first was he to bare arms and a name:
Wassaily Booslaeugh of Riesengeborg.
His crest of huroldry,
in vert with ancillars,
troublant,
argent,
a hegoak,
poursuivant,
horrid,
horned.
His scutschum fessed,
with archers strung,
helio,
of the second.
Hootch is for husbandman handling his hoe.
Hohohoho,
Mister Finn,
you're going to be Mister Finnagain!
Comeday morm and,
O,
you're vine! Sendday's eve and,
ah,
you're vinegar! Hahahaha,
Mister Funn,
you're going to be fined again!
What then agentlike brought about that tragoady thundersday this municipal sin business? Our cubehouse still rocks as earwitness to the thunder of his arafatas but we hear also through successive ages that shebby choruysh of unkalified muzzlenimiissilehims that would blackguardise the whitestone ever hurtleturtled out of heaven.
Stay us wherefore in our search for tighteousness,
O Sustainer,
what time we rise and when we take up to toothmick and before we lump down upown our leatherbed and in the night and at the fading of the stars !
For a nod to the nabir is better than wink to the wabsanti.
Otherways wesways like that provost scoffing bedoueen the jebel and the jpysian sea.
Cropherb the crunchbracken shall decide.
Then we'll know if the feast is a flyday.
She has a gift of seek on site and she allcasually ansars helpers,
the dreamydeary.
Heed! Heed ! It may half been a missfired brick,
as some say,
or it mought have been due to a collupsus of his back promises,
as others looked at it.
(There extand by now one thousand and one stories,
all told,
of the same).
But so sore did abe ite ivvy's holired abbles,
(what with the wallhall's horrors of rollsrights,
carhacks,
stonengens,
kisstvanes,
tramtrees,
fargobawlers,
autokinotons,
hippohobbilies,
streetfleets,
tournintaxes,
megaphoggs,
circuses and wardsmoats and basilikerks and aeropagods and the hoyse and the jollybrool and the peeler in the coat and the mecklenburk bitch bite at his ear and the merlinburrow burrocks and his fore old porecourts,
the bore the more,
and his blightblack workingstacks at twelvepins a dozen and the noobibusses sleighding along Safetyfirst Street and the derryjellybies snooping around Tell-No-Tailors' Corner and the fumes and the hopes and the strupithump of his ville's indigenous romekeepers,
homesweepers,
domecreepers,
thurum and thurum in fancymud murumd and all the uproor from all the aufroofs,
a roof for may and a reef for hugh butt under his bridge suits tony) wan warning Phill filt tippling full.
His howd feeled heavy,
his hoddit did shake.
(There was a wall of course in erection) Dimb! He stottered from the latter.
Damb! he was dud.
Dumb! Mastabatoom,
mastabadtomm,
when a mon merries his lute is all long.
For whole the world to see.
Shize? I should shee! Macool,
Macool,
orra whyi deed ye diie? of a trying thirstay mournin? Sobs they sighdid at Fillagain's chrissormiss wake,
all the hoolivans of the nation,
prostrated in their consternation and their duodisimally profusive plethora of ululation.
There was plumbs and grumes and cheriffs and citherers and raiders and cinemen too.
And the all gianed in with the shoutmost shoviality.
Agog and magog and the round of them agrog.
To the continuation of that celebration until Hanandhunigan's extermination!
Some in kinkin corass,
more,
kankan keening.
Belling him up and filling him down.
He's stiff but he's steady is Priam Olim !
'Twas he was the dacent gaylabouring youth.
Sharpen his pillowscone,
tap up his bier!
E'erawhere in this whorl would ye hear sich a din again? With their deepbrow fundigs and the dusty fidelios.
They laid him brawdawn alanglast bed.
With a bockalips of finisky fore his feet.
And a barrowload of guenesis hoer his head.
Tee the tootal of the fluid hang the twoddle of the fuddled,
O !
Hurrah,
there is but young gleve for the owl globe wheels in view which is tautaulogically the same thing.
Well,
Him a being so on the flounder of his bulk like an overgrown babeling,
let wee peep,
see,
at Hom,
well,
see peegee ought he ought,
platterplate.
Hum ! From Shopalist to Bailywick or from ashtun to baronoath or from Buythebanks to Roundthehead or from the foot of the bill to ireglint's eye he calmly extensolies.
And all the way (a horn!) from fiord to fjell his baywinds' oboboes shall wail him rockbound (hoahoahoah!) in swimswamswum and all the livvylong night,
the delldale dalppling night,
the night of bluerybells,
her flittaflute in tricky trochees (O carina! O carina!) wake him.
With her issavan essavans and her patterjackmartins about all them inns and ouses.
Tilling a teel of a tum,
telling a toll of a teary turty Taubling.
Grace before Glutton.
For what we are,
gifs a gross if we are,
about to believe.
So pool the begg and pass the kish for crawsake.
Omen.
So sigh us.
Grampupus is fallen down but grinny sprids the boord.
Whase on the joint of a desh? Finfoefom the Fush.
Whase be his baken head? A loaf of Singpantry's Kennedy bread.
And whase hitched to the hop in his tayle? A glass of Danu U'Dunnell's foamous olde Dobbelin ayle.
But,
lo,
as you would quaffoff his fraudstuff and sink teeth through that pyth of a flowerwhite bodey behold of him as behemoth for he is noewhemoe.
Finiche! Only a fadograph of a yestern scene.
Almost rubicund Salmosalar,
ancient fromout the ages of the Agapemonides,
he is smolten in our mist,
woebecanned and packt away.
So that meal's dead off for summan,
schlook,
schlice and goodridhirring.
Yet may we not see still the brontoichthyan form outlined aslumbered,
even in our own nighttime by the sedge of the troutling stream that Bronto loved and Brunto has a lean on.
Hic cubat edilis.
Apud libertinam parvulam.
Whatif she be in flags or flitters,
reekierags or sundyechosies,
with a mint of mines or beggar a pinnyweight.
Arrah,
sure,
we all love little Anny Ruiny,
or,
we mean to say,
lovelittle Anna Rayiny,
when unda her brella,
mid piddle med puddle,
she ninnygoes nannygoes nancing by.
Yoh! Brontolone slaaps,
yoh snoores.
Upon Benn Heather,
in Seeple Isout too.
The cranic head on him,
caster of his reasons,
peer yuthner in yondmist.
Whooth? His clay feet,
swarded in verdigrass,
stick up starck where he last fellonem,
by the mund of the magazine wall,
where our maggy seen all,
with her sisterin shawl.
While over against this belles' alliance beyind Ill Sixty,
ollollowed ill! bagsides of the fort,
bom,
tarabom,
tarabom,
lurk the ombushes,
the site of the lyffing-in-wait of the upjock and hockums.
Hence when the clouds roll by,
jamey,
a proudseye view is enjoyable of our mounding's mass,
now Wallinstone national museum,
with,
in some greenish distance,
the charmful waterloose country and the two quitewhite villagettes who hear show of themselves so gigglesomes minxt the follyages,
the prettilees! Penetrators are permitted into the museomound free.
Welsh and the Paddy Patkinses,
one shelenk! Redismembers invalids of old guard find poussepousse pousseypram to sate the sort of their butt.
For her passkey supply to the janitrix,
the mistress Kathe.
Tip.
This the way to the museyroom.
Mind your hats goan in! Now yiz are in the Willingdone Museyroom.
This is a Prooshious gunn.
This is a ffrinch.
Tip.
This is the flag of the Prooshious,
the Cap and Soracer.
This is the bullet that byng the flag of the Prooshious.
This is the ffrinch that fire on the Bull that bang the flag of the Prooshious.
Saloos the Crossgunn! Up with your pike and fork! Tip.
(Bullsfoot! Fine!) This is the triplewon hat of Lipoleum.
Tip.
Lipoleumhat.
This is the Willingdone on his same white harse,
the Cokenhape.
This is the big Sraughter Willingdone,
grand and magentic in his goldtin spurs and his ironed dux and his quarterbrass woodyshoes and his magnate's gharters and his bangkok's best and goliar's goloshes and his pulluponeasyan wartrews.
This is his big wide harse.
Tip.
This is the three lipoleum boyne grouching down in the living detch.
This is an inimyskilling inglis,
this is a scotcher grey,
this is a davy,
stooping.
This is the bog lipoleum mordering the lipoleum beg.
A Gallawghurs argaumunt.
This is the petty lipoleum boy that was nayther bag nor bug.
Assaye,
assaye! Touchole Fitz Tuomush.
Dirty MacDyke.
And Hairy O'Hurry.
All of them arminus-varminus.
This is Delian alps.
This is Mont Tivel,
this is Mont Tipsey,
this is the Grand Mons Injun.
This is the crimealine of the alps hooping to sheltershock the three lipoleums.
This is the jinnies with their legahorns feinting to read in their handmade's book of stralegy while making their war undisides the Willingdone.
The jinnies is a cooin her hand and the jinnies is a ravin her hair and the Willingdone git the band up.
This is big Willingdone mormorial tallowscoop Wounderworker obscides on the flanks of the jinnies.
Sexcaliber hrosspower.
Tip.
This is me Belchum sneaking his phillippy out of his most Awful Grimmest Sunshat Cromwelly.
Looted.
This is the jinnies' hastings dispatch for to irrigate the Willingdone.
Dispatch in thin red lines cross the shortfront of me Belchum.
Yaw,
yaw,
yaw! Leaper Orthor.
Fear siecken! Fieldgaze thy tiny frow.
Hugacting.
Nap.
That was the tictacs of the jinnies for to fontannoy the Willingdone.
Shee,
shee,
shee! The jinnies is jillous agincourting all the lipoleums.
And the lipoleums is gonn boycottoncrezy onto the one Willingdone.
And the Willingdone git the band up.
This is bode Belchum,
bonnet to busby,
breaking his secred word with a ball up his ear to the Willingdone.
This is the Willingdone's hurold dispitchback.
Dispitch desployed on the regions rare of me Belchum.
Salamangra! Ayi,
ayi,
ayi! Cherry jinnies.
Figtreeyou! Damn fairy ann,
Voutre.
Willingdone.
That was the first joke of Willingdone,
tic for tac.
Hee,
hee,
hee! This is me Belchum in his twelvemile cowchooks,
weet,
tweet and stampforth foremost,
footing the camp for the jinnies.
Drink a sip,
drankasup,
for he's as sooner buy a guinness than he'd stale store stout.
This is Rooshious balls.
This is a ttrinch.
This is mistletropes.
This is Canon Futter with the popynose.
After his hundred days' indulgence.
This is the blessed.
Tarra's widdars! This is jinnies in the bonny bawn blooches.
This is lipoleums in the rowdy howses.
This is the Willingdone,
by the splinters of Cork,
order fire.
Tonnerre! (Bullsear! Play!) This is camelry,
this is floodens,
this is the solphereens in action,
this is their mobbily,
this is panickburns.
Almeidagad! Arthiz too loose! This is Willingdone cry.
Brum! Brum! Cumbrum! This is jinnies cry.
Underwetter! Goat strip Finnlambs! This is jinnies rinning away to their ousterlists dowan a bunkersheels.
With a nip nippy nip and a trip trippy trip so airy.
For their heart's right there.
Tip.
This is me Belchum's tinkyou tankyou silvoor plate for citchin the crapes in the cool of his canister.
Poor the pay! This is the bissmark of the marathon merry of the jinnies they left behind them.
This is the Willingdone branlish his same marmorial tallowscoop SophyKey-Po for his royal divorsion on the rinnaway jinnies.
Gambariste della porca! Dalaveras fimmieras! This is the pettiest of the lipoleums,
Toffeethief,
that spy on the Willingdone from his big white harse,
the Capeinhope.
Stonewall Willingdone is an old maxy montrumeny.
Lipoleums is nice hung bushellors.
This is hiena hinnessy laughing alout at the Willingdone.
This is lipsyg dooley krieging the funk from the hinnessy.
This is the hinndoo Shimar Shin between the dooley boy and the hinnessy.
Tip.
This is the wixy old Willingdone picket up the half of the threefoiled hat of lipoleums fromoud of the bluddle filth.
This is the hinndoo waxing ranjymad for a bombshoob.
This is the Willingdone hanking the half of the hat of lipoleums up the tail on the buckside of his big white harse.
Tip.
That was the last joke of Willingdone.
Hit,
hit,
hit! This is the same white harse of the Willingdone,
Culpenhelp,
waggling his tailoscrupp with the half of a hat of lipoleums to insoult on the hinndoo seeboy.
Hney,
hney,
hney! (Bullsrag! Foul!) This is the seeboy,
madrashattaras,
upjump and pumpim,
cry to the Willingdone:
Ap Pukkaru! Pukka Yurap! This is the Willingdone,
bornstable ghentleman,
tinders his maxbotch to the cursigan Shimar Shin.
Basucker youstead! This is the dooforhim seeboy blow the whole of the half of the hat of lipoleums off of the top of the tail on the back of his big wide harse.
Tip (Bullseye! Game!) How Copenhagen ended.
This way the museyroom.
Mind your boots goan out.
Phew!
