Indifference, the infrathin between good and evil.
In a glass, the infrathin marriage of melting ice cubes and the water they’re in.
Signaled by birds flying into clean windows because they do not see them.
Jeggings, an infrathin marriage of jeans and leggings.
Freezer burn.
The imprint of a sock around an ankle after the sock is removed.
The connection two people feel through the static electric cling of their arm hair.
From still to boiling water, the exact transitional moment.
The flutter of cash as it’s expelled from the ATM machine.
The warmth of sunlight retained in a glass window.
The blank page in a book that precedes the title page.
The sound of electricity in the walls when an old light switch is flipped.
Same difference.
The shift in your thumb when looking at your nose with one eye closed, then the other.
Evaporated spilled water.
Vestibules, thoroughfares for stepping inside and or turning back.
Between the eyeball and the eyeglasses.
The residual result of any action.
Lethal injection failure.
Drowsiness is the infrathin cognitive state between wakefulness and sleep.
The gap between signifier and signified.
An immigrant’s notion of belonging is infrathin culture.
The surface of a mirror is the infrathin intersection between physical reality and light perception.
A border between two lands is infrathin geography.
Sex, between rational thinking and irrational behavior.
Even, odds.
The space between colliding atoms, which comprise two objects, confirms that nothing is ever touching.
Numbers are infrathin labels between value and quantity.
Blood vessels are infrathin barriers across which oxygen diffuses.
Breathing, infrathin mediation of the self and the atmosphere.
Tipsy, infrathin between sobriety and drunkenness.
Burnt skin that has yet to peel off.
Single, pairs.
Hypnic jerk is an infrathin sensation between sleep and wakefulness.
Stardust, infrathin of past and present.
A scent carried on the breeze from an unknown origin.
37 The way someone’s smell lingers on your sheets.
Brackish, the mingling of fresh and seawater.
The wiped-away chalk smeared on a chalkboard is an infrathin separation of new words from old.
The glacial process by which the pages of old books yellow.
Our ability to see white light as color.
Our inability to imagine new colors.
Glass windows, the infrathin separation between inside and out.
An infrathin question: whether the colors I see resonate the same way in another pair of eyes.
Optical illusions, seeing what does and doesn’t exist.
Replicas, both unique and derivative.
Murkiness is melted infrathinly into the glass of opaque windows.
The light from stars, at once present and extinct.
Between intellect and emotion.
The infrathin is nested in dormant illnesses not yet triggered.
He loved her, sir, and loved her not.
The lingering emotions of a dream.
When you laugh at a joke but do not know why.
That period after orgasm when you are free from sexual desire.
Between caterpillar and moth.
Recovered documents in Microsoft Word, both files and not.
Artificial grape flavor.
Beige.
Linguistically, infrathin as a word is metainfrathin.
Quantum mechanics are founded on infrathin uncertainty.
Schrödinger’s cat, infrathin uncertainty between life and death.
The whistle of an arrow.
Jumping just when a downward elevator is about to stop is infrathin suspension.
The space between one alarm clock snooze and another.
Empathy is infrathin pain.
Clearly, misunderstood.
The different smell one used couch has from another.
Bluetooth, infrathin telekinesis between two inanimate objects.
Sleep paralysis.
The infrathin difference between a cell phone and a gun.
When the tobacco smoke smells also of the mouth which exhales it, the two odors are married by the infrathin.
Memories and their perpetual state of flux, different each time they are accessed.
Audio feedback.
The moment just before a flight or fight response.
Graphical user interface (GUI), the infrathin marriage of code and image.
Fluctuations between conformity and individuality.
The exosphere.
The lump in your throat when no mass is actually there.
Almost, exactly.
Shirt and skin are infrathinly married by belly button lint.
When you touch something that is either really hot or really cold and you can’t tell the difference.
The warmth radiating from an electronic device after heavy use.
Compromise: an infrathin agreement with which no party is happy because both feel they either gave away too much or they received too little.
Nearsightedness.
Reading old diary entries is an infrathin union of past and present.
A book in its original language and its translation.
On a record player, between needle drop and sound.
Between thought and expression.
Nostalgia, infrathin displacement of the past onto the present.
Tradition, infrathin displacement of the past onto the present.
The shadow cast by an object is infrathin aura.
The infrathin marriage of objective and subjective reasoning results in thought.
Horizons, infrain negotiations of sky and earth.
When the train on an adjacent track is moving forward, and you’re still, but you feel like you’re moving backward.
Smoke mingled with air.
Germs traveling through the air after a sneeze.
Retinal inversion.
The infrathin absence of attraction between molecules and oil on a cellphone’s oleophobic layer.
The rough edge of a ripped piece of paper.
A postcard of a painting is neither and both.
Half empty, half full.
Silence of infidelity, lies by omission.
Noise, music.
Two identical words, in two different languages, with different meanings.
Veiled anger.
Reading, by which the real and fictive are infrathinly mixed.
Innuendo.
Same word, different meanings in different contexts.
Soreness, the infrathin expression of lactic acid that remains in muscle fiber after excessive exercise.
The seconds after midnight on the food’s expiration date is infrathin contamination.
Exposure by infrathin, the lace of panties covering and revealing.
Aftertaste.
Aura residing in used clothes, re-sold.
Caliphate is infrathin geography.
A photograph of a photograph.
A xerox of a xerox.
Constructive criticism.
Thoughts within thoughts.
Undertow of water, moving at once both forward and backward.
Humidity is the infrathin marriage of water and air.
Liquid smoke.
Two way mirrors.
Negating itself, excessive sensation.
Deafening silence.
Between actions and words.
Constant variables.
The unknown time between the fertilization of an egg and childbirth marks the infrathin beginning of life.
Synaptic clefts between neurons and their passage of electrical signals throughout the body.
Scars infrathinly marry present physicality with past wounds.
Religious texts, the gap between belief and action.
As I engage socially when I would rather not, I negotiate silently with the infrathin.
Singing in the shower, infrathin performance.
The barrier of sunscreen infrathinly separates the skin from the sun.
Swiping right on Tinder, when the virtual human becomes tangible.
The infrathin specific is the detailed difference in digital replications.
Analog and digital are infrathinly differentiated audio.
The difference between a song played on speakers and through headphones.
Solar power, infrathin energy.
The tingle of ear eating.
Sweet and sour.
Hearing sounds, seeing colors.
A mirror reflection is always the infrathin inverse of itself.
Credit is infrathin capital.
Blood and skin, infrathinly married by scabbing.
Infrathin tension in a room so thick you could cut it with a knife.
The Jeopardy questions were infrathin tonight: so wholly specific they were vague.
A fling, border of temporary and permanent feelings of intimacy.
Food trucks, between restaurants and fast food.
Decimals, infrathin denotation of non-whole numbers.
Pigments mix by the infrathin.
Slush.
The urban and the rural are infrathinly married by parks.
The lingering of a musical note long after it is played.
An engagement is an infrathin circumstantial agreement to a definite, lifelong commitment.
When the sky is obstructed by the smog that constitutes it.
Jumbo shrimp.
The constant, but unnoticeable shifting of tectonic plates.
Gears enmeshed, rotating simultaneously, and their conjoined transmission.
Words spelled the same with different meanings.
Every mechanical reproduction, infrathinly different from one another.
Alcohol, at once a depressant and a stimulant.
Calluses on a hand, ready-to-peel.
Feeling dry when submerged in water.
Déjà vu.
Originality, at once unique and influenced.
Daylight savings time.
A flash of white light in pitch black night, simultaneously blinding and illuminating.
My former iterations of self feel infrathinly both yesterday and forever ago.
Temporary relationships, infrathin insertions into my life.
Dissociative personality disorders.
Sticky sounds, lint roller and tape.
Fragile masculinity is an infrathin projection of confidenceinsecure.
Coworking space, infrathin office.
Motels, as the name implies, are infrathinned residence, place.
The word infrathin, a noun, verb, or adjective; shifting language via itself.
The infrathin itself is conceived of infrathinly, many meanings existing between states, and valid in each form listed on this page.
A footprint / in wet sand / by the water’s edge / its disappearance.
A proliferation of distance, a void created in the wake of the double, a labyrinthine extension of corridors that seem similar and are yet different.
The interval between your finger tapping the glass and the screen changing.
Pregnant pauses, between knowing and saying.
Thinking aloud.
The interval between C-sharp and D-flat.
Upcoming downtrends.
When we expect this, but are surprised by that.
Identical twins, infrathinly different.
Black ice.
Vibrating ringtones.
Junkspace.
No beginning or end; always in the middle, between things, interbeing, intermezzo—infrathin history, without temporality, infinite mutability.
When the clothing you’re wearing is so comfortable that you don’t even notice you’re wearing it.
Not a duck, not a rabbit, both, and neither.
Between visual sensation and image perception.
Is the dress blue or gold?
Wet drywall.
The many tastes of water.
Dry ice.
Siamese twins.
Eye contact where you both know what should be said but cannot say it.
Genetic mutation without discernible manifestation.
Dreams, infrathin negotiations between the conscious and subconscious.
Water squishing.
The difference between a boat before and after every part has been replaced.
Awkwardness, imperfect interaction.
Tingly finger flutters.
The sting left from a slap to the face.
Definitely, maybe.
The people who go through subway gates at the very last moment.
Phantom limbs.
Postpartum depression.
The interval between thunder and lightning.
Objects and their representation are infrathinly wedded by shadows.
Wi-Fi is infrathin connectivity.
The tide going out, under your feet.
Negative growth.
The difference between two tract homes.
Amorality, both and neither.
Contact lenses are an infrathin marriage of perspicuous and indistinct.
Oils from the hands and the infrathin traces they leave on surface they encounter.
The blinking cursor on a computer screen.
Apparitions caught in photographs.
EVP (electronic voice phenomenon), seeing or hearing dead people through electronic devices.
Goosebumps.
The amount you age over the course of a day.
Sound waves, from mouth to ear.
Light rays, from source to eye.
From bud to blossom.
Darkness, visible.
The shiver you get after peeing.
Between a photograph of a photograph and the photographed photograph.
Dew on grass in the morning is an infrathin remnant of nighttime.
Exact, estimates.
When the hairs on the back of your neck stand up.
The infrathin difference between a text and that same text copied.
Riptides are infrathinly married by ingress and egress.
Posthumous conception.
How two copies of the same LP sound different because of the way they’re scratched.
The infrathin difference between numbered prints.
The view through a double layered window shifts from one layer of glass to another.
Technology’s mediation of the voice.
Undefined zones, between inside and outside, without any hard or fast boundaries.
Liquid paper.
The space between skin and the cream applied to it.
Two cars of the same make and model are infrathinly different.
The live display on television separated from actuality by an infrathin moment.
History’s invisible but palpable intrusion into the present.
An ankle monitor is infrathin prison.
Two pairs of shoes, same brand, same model, infrathin difference.
Although appearing identical, the two sides of your face are infrathinly different.
Toothpaste still lingering in the bristles of a toothbrush after it’s been rinsed.
Layers of skin, separated by infrathin degrees.
Face brushing.
Peripheral vision.
Para-central vision, slightly adjacent to the center of one’s gaze.
The difference of degrees between a wet swimsuit and damp skin.
The greenish or bluish tint that clouds take on when they contain extremely high amounts of water.
The lingering presence of one who has just left your presence.
The time between the vibration of a string and the audible sound of a note.
Microtones.
Vegan chicken nuggets.
The benign imperceptible fungus covering the human body.
261 The process of a photographic image emerging in stop bath.
Sound, played off of different surfaces, producing variations of the same noise.
The sound of the ocean heard inside of a shell.
Mirages.
While swimming in a lake during a rainstorm, going underwater so you won’t get wet.
Dander.
Dryer lint.
The follicle, still there, even after the hair is shaved off.
Between the rumble and an approaching train.
270 Moisture and temperature are infrathinly married by frozen rain.
Butterflies in the stomach.
Yield, between stop and go.
Semifluidity.
Light pollution.
Missed encounters.
Between Diet Coke and Coke Zero.
Death row, infrathin purgatory.
Between cold and frozen.
Between eccentricity and insanity.
Driveways, infrathin negotiations between streets and houses.
The exchange of body heat.
Rigor mortis, infrathin suspension between death and decay.
The lingering smell of someone else’s body when you try on their t-shirt.
The anticipation of what someone will say the moment before they speak.
Already-been-chewed gum and the sidewalk it’s stuck to.
The dust from a moth where it’s been killed.
The impression left on the paper, after the pen runs out of ink.
The impression left on your hair after you remove your hair clip.
The impression left on your head after you remove your hat.
Between desire and need.
The cusp of a sneeze.
The membranous fracture between idealization and actualization.
The infrathin difference between each replica of a readymade.
Cognitive dissonance.
Sleeping with someone to get over someone.
Quotation marks.
Between sensory overload and complete immobility.
Sunlight’s reddish tinge, appearing green when illuminating a bluish cloud.
The impression upon one’s memory of another’s inebriation.
Between camp and kitsch.
Two faces infrathinly melded, one of the passerby and the other of the deceased.
Tough love.
Ice cream headache.
Oscillating by infrathin degrees, the comfort of habit, and the anxiety of tedium.
Between intention and realization.
Microdosing.
Thick makeup clogging pores.
Physical attractiveness clouded by lack of personality.
Gestalt psychology, the reorganization of the world by infrathin degrees.
Embellishment, infrathinly amplified, each time the story is told.
Holding two contradictory beliefs in one’s mind simultaneously.
Cranial nerve exam.
Melancholic music in times of grief; two modes of sadness conflated by infrathin degrees.
The entwining of self-indulgence and self-destruction, infrathinly.
The impulse to suppress hysterical laughter in times of profound acrimony.
The inability to recognize oneself in a mirror.
Deep resentment as a variant of profound attachment.
Between platonic affection and asexual romance.
Dog whistles.
A close parallel or repetition of an idea, feeling, style, or event.
Between the flashes of a strobe light.
How my hand becomes transparent when I hold it up to bright light.
Fireworks, between the image and its dissipation.
Nutraloaf, an infrathin marriage of punishment and subsistence.
The ebbs and flows of pain.
Feeling one’s past childhood when returning home after a prolonged absence.
Squatting is infrathin housing.
Tingly glass tapping.
Sun showers.
Lying next to each other, lovers’ hair intertwined is infrathinly inseparable.
So cold it’s hot.
The buildup of pressure in the atmosphere right before a thunderstorm.
Pheromones.
The colors of old clothing, made different by washing.
Paradoxes.
Memory of an unrecognizable person by way of infrathin recognition.
The infrathin blending of stage lights and cell phones during a concert.
The infrathin space between the two fingers on the Sistine Chapel ceiling.
Jet streams.
Sleepy hand sounds.
When you feel your heartbeat in your gums.
When you do not recognize your surroundings, an infrathin moment of object permanence.
In a dream, dying.
The warmth of drugs, the cold of intoxication.
Afterimages.
Forces are equal and opposing, canceling each other out.
‘Twixt cup and lip.
Removable stickers.
Between fire and ash.
More than a boundary, a sealed border, a threshold.
Suspended animation.
The corner where Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah meet.
The thin layer of black soot on urban buildings and the marks it makes.
Compost, an infrathin union of old death and new life.
Spray paint and the air it’s being sprayed through.
Between a search query and its return, an infrathin anticipation of knowledge.
Zero deficits.
Feeling more fear from your own intentions than the consequences of your actions, infrathin control.
Between saying and meaning.
Mock duck.
Thundersnow.
Hookups, an infrathin line between commitment and insecurity.
Zoloft on brain, anxious thoughts, present but unallowed.
Familiarity with strangers.
Divided attention.
Sweaty palms.
The three bouncing dots, utra-present but very absent, from a text message.
An infrathin pivot: because things are the way they are, they will not stay that way.
Deep ear licking feeling.
Antidepressants, infrathin emissions of happiness with side effects of suicidal thoughts.
Infrathin stasis: academically, when you’ve already secured a good job after graduation.
The social understanding of virginity when you’re a sexually active lesbian.
You will not feel it if I touch your elbow while you are unaware.
The smell of your mother’s perfume on another woman.
Fresh frozen.
Between agreeing with someone and you both being wrong.
The union of smoke and clouds.
The tingles when your foot falls asleep.
The international date line.
The gradual growth of a child, only apparent in hindsight.
Transitionally muddled fashion, seasonal infrathin.
Feeling empty after consuming calories.
Fake pockets in women’s pants.
Rain makes a dull surface temporarily reflective, an infrathin mirror.
No-makeup makeup look.
Zeugma and syllepsis.
Average-sized things, infrathinly sufficient.
Skinny-fat.
Happy-sad.
Homophonic translations, which render texts in one language into a near-homophonic texts in another language, usually with no attempt to preserve the original meaning of the text.
Backhanded compliments.
Firmly held together by a collection of weak bonds.
The determination of war being not who is right but who is left.
Nano-fiber infrathinly shields actual fiber from getting wet.
Scratch marks that remain on his back after sex.
Libertarians.
The sloshing of water-filled containers.
Dippin’ Dots are the infrathin marriage between liquid nitrogen and ice cream.
A patient in remission: clear of disease yet always at risk of recurrence.
Flash freezing.
Micropower.
Fuzzy logic.
Mediocrity.
The lingering smell of gasoline after you’ve finished pumping.
A signature, the infrathin mark of one’s identity.
Scissor sounds.
Thresholds don’t exist; limits are infrathin.
Body language infrathinly circumscribing personal boundaries.
Velcro sneakers.
Dental dams.
From when you slam your finger in a door to when you feel pain.
Sweat is the delay between a warm and a cooled body.
The appearance of a bruise several hours or days after an injury.
Dog-ear, folded down page corner as bookmark.
Dog-ear unmade, folding it back into its original location and compressing the pages of the book together.
Hickeys.
Between exploitation and appreciation.
How my finger turns from red to white to red when I press down on a hard surface.
Ungrounded intuition.
Baby food.
A relationship with an acquaintance thrives by the infrathin.
Lipstick traces.
The impressions your pencil makes on the page underneath the one you’re currently writing on.
Skid marks.
A gun’s recoil.
Static electricity.
Hot sand or warm pavement long after the sun has gone down.
A hair found on the headrest, in an airplane.
An old food stain, discovered on the margins of a library book, an infrathin trace of a meal.
An image or object, identical in form to another, but with its structure reversed, as in a mirror.
Marginalia.
The gashes on kitchen cutting boards.
Motion and sound are infrathinly married by sonic booms.
The sooty vestige of a fire in the snow.
The smell of urine in an alley.
White-knuckled fear.
Between saying it was your fault and blaming you.
On the verge of jumping from a rocky ledge into a glacial lake.
Coextensive space.
From concept to written word.
The dull ache behind your eyes hours after you shed tears.
Between a blister and its pop.
The exhalation of thunder the moment before it subsides.
Punctuated equilibrium is infrathin biology.
Prolepsis is infrathin rhetoric.
From acquaintance to friend.
From friend to lover.
From lover to ex.
Insinuation.
Pulsations of excruciating pain as displaced heartbeat.
From the fear of having lost something to the relief of having found it.
Nosebleed, by altitudinal change.
Doublespeak.
Ambient music, between sound and tint.
Instant reflex is infrathin automatism.
From cut to coagulation.
Acapella renditions of instrumentals.
Green oranges.
Dead flies on the windshield.
The trace of jalapeño on the lips.
From wine to vinegar.
A vanished beauty mark.
How, when someone smiles at you, your anger dissipates.
Promises made by newlyweds, infrathin hope.
The memories of an Alzheimer’s patient.
The facts of an inconsistent lie.
A laser dispersed into smoke.
Ear brushing.
Between the needle and the skin.
The wafts of chlorine from a pool carried on a summer breeze.
The sound an ACL makes when it is torn.
The crystallization of a thought.
The crinkling of paper.
The awkward moment of silence after someone utters a racial epithet.
The feeling when a clown enters a room.
The static crinkle before the power unexpectedly shuts down.
Puffiness under your eyes, infrathin exhaustion.
Room tone.
The mist from a raindrop on a hot sidewalk and its evaporation.
Traces of pheromone altering a bee’s flight trajectory.
The effervescence of milk hitting the Lucky Charms.
The specialization of a stem cell.
The water cycle.
Paper, towels.
When objects in (the) mirror are closer than they appear.
The moment of hush in a noisy restaurant right after a waiter drops a plate.
Border crossings, infrathin geography.
Between upset and angry.
Jet lag, when the mind is in one location and the body in another.
Plagiarism infrathinly inserts multiple presences into a singular piece of work.
The intensity of heat varies by the visual infrathin (blue, red, yellow).
Bridges, infrathin superseding of nature.
Fossils, present containers of past beings.
Spam, between unimportant information and necessary transmission.
Snow in the spring is an infrathin reversal of seasonal expectation.
Passive aggressive.
Chills.
Open secrets.
Spanglish.
Skin peeling after a sunburn.
When a pen that visibly contains ink refuses to produce on the page.
Illusionistic painting is infrathin retinality.
Am I turned on or do I just have to pee?
Faux fur.
Veggie burgers.
Dolly, the cloned sheep.
Wrinkles in clothing are delays, prints of sitting and motion.
Between underarm and deodorant, the infrathin marriage of smells.
Asking questions with no concrete answers.
If a tree falls in the forest…
Brain tingle.
Does an object that has had all of its components replaced remain fundamentally the same object?
Jeu de mots infrathinly play on the multiple meanings contained within one word.
Try as bartenders might to regulate drinks, the level of alcohol in each cup will never be exactly the same.
Infrathin paradox: The act of organizing reduces my anxiety, but viewing the messes beforehand increases it to the point where I can’t begin the organization.
The sound of pages of a book turning.
Infrathin paradox: How the depression-mind prevents me from writing, even when I know it would be an immediate source of feeling better.
Infrathin paradox: Anxiety expects perfection on the first try, yet the fear of failure leads to first-try-avoidance.
Infrathin paradox: Depression requires me to be surrounded by friends, but anxiety makes me scared to not be alone.
Once active but now just a memory: I love avocados but hate guacamole.
Once active but now just a memory: I’m terrified of needles yet love getting piercings.
Hearing a language you do not understand: infrathin disconnect of relation and comprehension.
Forgetting a language once well-known is infrathin erasure of the left side of the brain.
How the left side of the brain controls the right side of the body, and the left side of the body hears the right side of the brain.
Oil on keyboard: inorganic residue of an organism’s effect.
526 Evolution consists of gradual infrathin transitions that result in a creature vastly different from its ancestor.
Water getting low in a fish tank.
Sand in the vaseline.
Rehabilitation is infrathin addiction: the cravings never cease.
Found missing.
Repetition compulsion: each re-enactment of trauma is infrathinly similar.
Inside out.
The white when you touch a sunburn.
The silence between songs at a party.
The crushing of eggshells.
The water sloshing around inside the radiator.
Reading over someone else’s shoulder.
Uber is infrathin labor.
Dawn as infrathin transition between night and day.
Dusk as infrathin transition between day and night.
The glow on the inside of the wood of the pipe when you hold a match to it.
When you can smell rain before it comes.
Invisible ink.
The fear that the soda will explode when you open it.
Brushing hair with tuning forks.
Subcutaneous injections.
Cracks in old leather.
The “ch” sound in Arabic and Yiddish.
Peeling the plastic cling wrap off an electronic screen.
Carbon paper.
The out-of-focus parts of an image produced by a lens, infrathin blur.
Two clocks, each one second apart.
Frisson.
Sweater pills.
The warmth of a piece of paper that has just emerged from a laser printer.
The space between another’s pain and your acknowledgment of it.
The sound a Ziplock bag makes when you seal it.
The taste of toothpaste left on the taste of coffee.
When the smudge on your glasses becomes a smudge on the world.
Passing from one time zone into another.
Falling out of love.
The smells of cooking that linger long after cooking.
His odor on your sheets after he has left.
Christmas decorations in March.
Sad smiles.
Dead skin dust particles in the air.
Fire without smoke.
Food stuck between teeth, the delay of a meal.
Immobility after overeating, suspension between consumption and activity.
Semi-permanent permanence.
Damp umbrellas transport traces of the outside in.
Tumor, at once foreign and self.
The transition from parts to whole, through assembly.
Almost exactly.
The degree of relatedness between kin, infrathin measurement.
Stretch marks.
Tests are infrathin assessments of knowledge.
Decaffeinated coffee.
Studio apartment: neither bedroom, nor living room, nor kitchen, yet all at once.
Flight layovers; infrathin transitions from point A to point B.
Beliefs and values are infrathin adaptations which gradually change with time and experience.
Cockapoos.
Renting is the process of temporarily purchasing something that does and does not belong to you.
From gas to liquid, infrathin condensation.
That the cost of copper production being more expensive than the value of the penny itself is an infrathin paradox.
Book chapters.
Sadomasochism.
Biographies, between truth and fiction.
Personal problems: unique to us, common to others.
Between content and happy.
Hanging chads.
A tritone divides an octave equally in half. Given a C major scale, the distance from C to the tritone and then from the tritone to the higher C is infrathinly different each time the scale is played.
Misheard words or phrases that makes sense in your head, but are, in fact, entirely incorrect.
Characteristics that are defining of an individual but are not unique to them.
Comas.
Commas.
Ligaments infrathinly marry bone and muscle.
Humble bragging.
Low-grade euphoria.
Frozen yogurt.
When you press on your eyes with your fists and see stars.
From slake to ceramic.
Dangling participles.
Soot on snow.
When your sock slips, bunching up inside your shoe.
The taste of metal under your tongue after a workout.
Homonyms.
The hot pain you feel when your frozen hands thaw.
Cold after shower.
The non-smoke smoke from e-cigarettes.
Small earbud shocks.
Airbnb, infrathin home.
Pretending to not see someone you know is infrathin relation.
The time you wait to text back, calculated delays.
Electronic micropayment, infrathin delay.
Browser history, the infrathin mark of ourselves that we leave on our devices.
The spectrum of gender fluidity & sexual preference.
The infrathin transference of heat between two touching bodies.
The gradual changing in color of an object as it dries.
When a dog’s ear twitches compulsively.
Decomposition.
On a rainy day, feeling pain from a bone broken decades ago.
Choice is infrathinly married by will and influence.
Eyeglasses are the infrathin bridge between impairment and clarity.
The product and consumer are infrathinly wed by the entrepreneur.
Enjambment.
The air you breathe on a plane is infrathinly yours.
Pain and the exorcism of pain become infrathinly married.
Daydreaming.
G-force.
Whether or not the body will accept the transplanted organ as its own.
Moonlight, infrathin presence of sunlight reflected off a heavenly body.
The metallic taste of water once it has been in a metal container; the infrathin marrying of metal and water.
Blood transfusions.
Knowing someone, and the moment later when you realize that you never knew them at all.
The place where you grew up and the place you were born (if different): both are infrathinly your origin.
The distance between coworkers in a cubicle office.
Whether or not people.
Response to treatment, an infrathin test of luck.
Asking a question that you already know the answer to.
Waiting for the other ear to pop after exiting a flight.
Pain along the edge of a cut already healed.
The dust in the crevasses of your keyboard.
Steam and its sizzle.
Rare, medium rare.
Between China and itself, Taiwan.
The sound of one hand clapping.
Infrathin ruler, a prince without subjects.
The accidental discharge of a firearm.
Overheard conversations, at once yours and not yours.
The carving up of Empires.
Video scan lines.
Impressions of a head on a pillow, just left.
The smell of old cologne on a jacket that you haven’t worn for months.
Bumper marks on highway dividers, infrathin traces of trauma.
The cigarette burns and boot prints on Jackson Pollock’s paintings.
Rainbows.
Infrathin media: painting as sculpture.
A door left ajar is infrathin closure.
Intersectionality.
Addictive euphoria.
Only choice.
Opera is infrathinly queer.
Two identical sentences, when spoken, are infrathinly separated by intonation.
Doing something, especially when concealed.
Infrathin intimacy, anonymous sex.
Gallows humor.
Unspoken rules.
Between (excessive) individuation and (excessive) social control.
Play as infrathin fantasy.
Marble as infrathin divinity.
Between a clear conscience and a bad memory.
Between pseudoscience and alternative medicine.
Finger tapping on the tabletop that sounds like rain.
Between self-delusion and subjective reality.
Soap, suds.
Treading water.
The loquacious gaze, between seeing and speaking.
Pandrogyne, infrathin gender.
Between identification and idolization, playing dress-up.
Addiction: between physical need and cerebral rejection.
Simultaneously connected and isolated, the digital.
Hair of the dog, more of the same, infrathin cure.
Refresh: legally changing your given name to your given name.
Tides are wed by the infrathin attraction of the sun to the moon.
Love bites.
Watered silk.
Wet t-shirts.
Calligraphy is the infranthin union of visual art and the written word.
Self-medication, infrathin addiction.
Airport lounges: where one passes without registering passage.
Sadness: you speak to me in words and I look at you with feelings.
The traces of ink that remain on your fingertips after reading the Sunday paper.
Infrathin weather: snowflakes that melt into raindrops; pass back into freezing air; then refreeze into ice pellets.
All are infrathinly similar in their desire for individuality.
Watery mud.
The motionlessness of waiting while anticipating movement.
The fourth wall.
Half-and-half.
Caesura, continuum.
The infrathin codependence of wind carving stone, and stone stopping the wind.
Tarot readings: infrathin determinism.
The warmth of a seat which has just been left.
One’s attraction intensifies the more the other withdraws.
Vanity: the infrathin boundary between self-satisfaction and the need for external validation.
When you place all you faith in something that you don’t believe in.
When you carry your awareness of defeat like a banner of victory.
The moment between pulling the cord and parachute deployment.
When you order truffles and one of them comes a tiny bit deformed but that’s the special one.
When you’re about to sneeze and your eyes flutter.
The dance on the sidewalk when two people are headed straight toward each other and they both try to get out of each other’s way.
The moon and sun are infrathinly united by an eclipse.
Original copies.
The fact that water and gas are both clear.
Description of an orgasm.
Intentional incompletion.
Flying fish.
Mercury, not exclusively female, but both male and female.
The difference between a $10 bottle of wine and a $500 bottle of wine, to a non-connoisseur.
Memory recollection: overwriting the past, replacing the former memory.
Between her, she, and he: Hershey.
Unboxing sunglasses.
Between a fixture and a freestanding sculpture.
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn’t find one.
The visible change in brightness between cycles displayed of a celluloid film.
When the obvious becomes difficult.
When the difficult becomes obvious.
Between indecisiveness and not being sure.
Between listening and hearing.
Candid posing.
Revolving doors, always open and always closed.
Virtual tours.
Friend requests from strangers.
Flightless birds.
The passage of light through sheer curtains.
A drugged individual, present and not present.
Unique in its diversity.
Premium mediocre.
Gradually turning into your parents.
Outsider art is the infrathin union of madness and sublimity.
Between the forest and the trees.
Nondescript descriptions.
Conspiracy theories—collage of “evidence”—infrathin truth and delusion.
Slipstream: category for uncategorical fiction.
“Derivative.
”Portmanteau.
Lost films—infrathin entertainment.
Leather glove sounds.
Every piece of iron in the Eiffel Tower has been replaced and repainted: the tower is an infrathin version of itself.
The distinction between the voices of two relatives.
751 Legacies, infrathin you.
Couch-surfing, infrathin residency.
The fingerprints of a crime scene: infrathin residue.
Laughing at your own joke that no one else understands, infrathin humor.
Talking to yourself, infrathin conversation.
Opening the fridge each time and, each time, finding nothing new to eat.
Does the twinkling light in the night sky belong to a plane or a star?
Pure, evil.
The intermingling of breath with smoke particles from burntup meteors.
A gap year, between undergraduate and graduate studies.
The need to sneeze after plucking the hair of your eyebrow just above your nose.
Work cubicles not conducive to effective working.
Semi-colons.
The change in behavior due to the feeling of being watched when nobody’s watching.
Key molds vary by the infrathin.
The moment when a guest’s stay becomes too long.
Artificial sweeteners.
Electrical shocks.
Plastic glasses.
Knockoffs are infrathin name brands.
Empty display cases.
Permanent substitutes.
Texting style according to audience, an infrathin shift in formality.
Lamination.
Why does each pasta shape taste completely different?
Full vacuums.
Velvet trousers whistling sound is an infrathin separation signaled.
Windows at night; the inside is clearly visible.
Windows in the daytime; the outside is clearly visible.
A cracked phone screen that still functions.
The cracks in that screen.
Staying in a robe for an hour after a shower despite being extremely busy.
Eating one string cheese versus the whole bag, when to stop?
Pre-ejaculate, infrathin orgasm.
Staying awake beyond an infrathin breaking point and no longer feeling tired.
The perfect time to wake up is an infrathin boundary between being tired all day and pleasantly refreshed post-waking.
When a nap is no longer a nap.
Sleep, those little slices of death.
Master, slave.
Clouds at night which appear black or dark grey in a moonless sky. Those same clouds that turn whitish when illuminated by the moon.
Taking a nap and forgetting the time of day: infrathin disorder.
Androgyne.
The red lines on the outside of my thighs; a tight jean delay.
The vegan who wears a Canada Goose jacket.
The environmental studies girl who just threw her cigarette butt on the floor.
Breathing and gagging are married infrathinly by hiccups.
Friction infrathinly limits movement.
Now, then.
The modern trend of wearing vintage clothing.
The right and left hemisphere of the body are infrathinly identical and distinct.
The uneven feeling of the fit of shoes caused by the infrathin size difference between the left and right foot.
The difference between a statistical average and a mean.
The infrathin marriage of a mouth and a nose is a cleft palate.
A calendar leap year accounts for infrathin change in time.
The transition from humorous profanity to inappropriate profanity.
Ring around the collar.
Saying I’m fine when I’m not.
Clock lag.
Between a pimple and its pop.
Arrogance versus confidence.
Hug hormones.
Allosteric sites infrathinly control the reactive site.
Swiffer is the infrathin marriage of duster and mop.
Chipped nail polish.
Full weightlessness during a skydiver’s free fall is infrathin gravity.
Real versus displayed intentions, infrathin truth.
International plug converters.
Persistent ambivalence.
In anticipation of the broken arm.
Drizzling versus raining versus pouring.
When the music in ear buds is just loud enough for a neighbor to hear.
Recent history.
The gradient of pleasure felt by the release of endorphins when stretching and cracking your joints.
Wearing broken watches for the aesthetic.
A butterfly flapping its wings in China.
A am light jog versus a morning run.
The sound of ear cupping with cups.
The personification of the pun.
Orphans.
Heat bending light, deforming images.
Powdered water.
Anesthesia.
The space between two trains going in opposite directions on adjacent tracks.
Equal and opposite reactions.
The edge of two opposing thoughts.
Conscious breathing when very close to someone; natural and controlled.
When your phone charger works at one extremely precise angle and position and not another.
“Do you like me?” “Do you like like me?”
Twelve-ounce pound cake.
Contrails, infrathinly wedding water and exhaust.
Silk stockings...the thing too.
When a relationship is a thing but not really a thing.
The log that remains after playing live video games.
The feeling of regret, the moment after hitting send.
The corrupted JPEG as miles of text in an email is infrathin image.
Perpetual motion machines.
The tension between titles and paintings.
Varnish as amplification.
Cracking plastic paper.
Oil and water; infrathin separation; immiscible.
The moment the student becomes the teacher.
Inspirational clichés.
“You don’t get it” — refusal of explanation and discursive discussion.
Spending the present missing the past and craving the future.
Act naturally.
Exhibitionism—shame or pride? Both?
Ink bleeding through paper.
Sharts.
Morbid curiosity.
Rorschach inkblots.
The infrathin diffusion of water up the stem of a plant, defying the force of gravity.
Homes: the infrathin partition between an interior and exterior world.
Melting glaciers are infrathin global warming.
Weight of loss, all-consuming lack.
Negative dialectics, infrathin description.
Useless knowledge, tidbits.
Sad drunks: sad because they drank, or drinking because they’re sad?
Between text and paratext.
Does anyone ever truly feel like an “adult”?
Gut instinct. Inexplicable knowledge.
“Book smart”—ivory towers—infrathin intelligence and impracticality.
Howling, screams, language without articulation.
When moving pictures don’t move.
Temporary tattoos.
Reading in between the lines; an infrathin detection skill.
Rules that are meant to be broken.
Smartphone: communication, information, photography, distraction. Everything and nothing.
White sneakers, impossible to keep clean. An infrathin display.
Transition devices: words which carry thoughts from one sentence to another.
An oppressed person oppressing other persons.
Civil disobedience.
The conversion of YouTube music video to an mp3 file.
Plastic surgery; the transformation from original self to ideal self.
Blisters, infrathin layers of protection.
The ozone layer; Earth’s infrathin shield.
The depletion of the ozone layer; the removal of Earth’s infrathin shield.
Estuaries, infrathin mixing.
Mudskippers, between fish and reptiles.
889 Newtonian fluids, infrathin between solid and liquid.
The whisperings of tropic nights.
A tree caught between summer’s green and autumn’s red.
Critical point, where gas and liquid have the same density, therefore indistinguishable.
Sheets, in between bed and me.
The time between the start and end of a sunset.
Privacy setting; an infrathin shield from the virtual public.
Green shrubbery dressed in snow.
Anonymous usernames.
The mixture of tears and rain.
Idiot savants.
Alcoholic Anonymous meetings: anonymous identity as everyone shares the identity of an alcoholic.
Yellow traffic light is both speed up/slow down.
“Star-crossed lovers”: infrathin idolization of romantic love and the romance of failure.
Béla Bartók’s Night music: the infrathin fusion between stylistic composition and natural phenomenon.
Between language and sound: mantras, chants, and prayers.
It is sure to be dark if you shut your eyes.
Light and dark become infrathinly separated by subjectivity.
Diacritical signs modify pronunciation by infrathin degrees.
Subtweeting: tweeting about an individual without explicitly naming them.
The limit does not exist.
The expiration date on a pill bottle is an infrathin truth.
Solastalgia, an infrathin affliction, an unconscious response to changing environment.
Sehnsucht, a wistful yearning, an ambiguous emotional occurrence.
Rosy retrospection is an infrathin cognitive bias.
The diffusion of milk with freshly brewed coffee.
Two forms cast in the same mold, differ from each other by an infrathin separate amount.
The semantic distinction between trivial and quadrivial.
The pun: the foundation of letters exploiting formal resemblance to establish meaning.
Silent letters, an example of the shifty infrathin relationship between letters and sound.
Pictorial nominalism; the transformation from word to signs, creating the plastic being of language.
Rrose Sélavy.
Botched capital punishment.
Translation: infrathin separation between the detonation noise of a gun and the apparition of the bullet hole in the target.
Fog lingering on the mirror after a hot shower.
Tangible heaviness of air on a humid day.
The dizzy feeling when blood rushes to the head after getting up too quickly.
The demarcation of transitions in a color gradient.
The bouncing of a speaker when the bass is too high.
Heat lightning is an infrathin union of storm and sun.
The ringing in your ears is an infrathin remainder of sound.
Right of passage ritual; liminal change in social status within a culture.
“Or” can be used to divide alternatives or string synonyms.
South Park (vulgar animated shows), infrathinly adult.
The third place of a bar, barbershop, or club; infrathin between work and home.
Nominations at an awards show—infrathin glory.
Psychogeography, infrathin physical memory.
The electric shock-like sensation produced by bumping your funny bone.
The multiple types of treatment for the same disease vary by the infrathin.
The overhead bridges between buildings, infrathin institutional merging.
Bloodletting.
Placebo effect.
The possible, implying the becoming.
Hand lotion sounds.
Scopophilia, voyeurism.
Iridescents.
Sleep No More infrathins actor and audience.
Multitasking.
The use of Lux Eterna in Requiem for a Dream is an infrathin reminder of desperation.
The mutt, infrathin breed.
A cutter is infrathinly wedded by a curveball and a fastball.
A humorous meme, claimed by a hateful group, is at once both.
Nude tights, infrathin skin.
Although anonymity is degree zero, it too includes gradations, false anonymities, or cryptic onymities.
For a person in shock, time passes infrathinly different in relation to everyone else.
Withdrawal symptoms as delay.
Writing in dust.
Simulacra.
Remaindered books.
Cryptocurrencies.
Simulations, the reproduction of behavior.
Special relativity, the difference in time on Earth and in Space.
Tremors, the aftermath of shock.
Semicolon vs em-dash.
Gradually turning into your mother.
Between passion and purpose.
Same penis, infrathinly different measurements during different times of day.
Art, infrathin subjectivity.
ASMR.
The inexplicability of cute.
Unisex names.
Heat from your leg melting chocolate in your pocket.
Patina on old leather shoes.
Webbed cracks in glazed pottery.
Fabric sounds.
A blank cheque.
Language becoming infrathinly more intelligible aurally than when read.
Digital privacy, infrathin security.
What’s lost in translation.
Versions of identical religious texts.
Healing, an infrathin process.
Asymptotes.
When a bubble lands intact on the ground.
The infrathin effect of heat on flavor.
Not following the instructions of a recipe, infrathin disobedience.
The lteters in the mdidle of wrdos are infrthain; It deosn’t mttaer in waht oredr tehy cmoe in, the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be at the rghit pclae.
Differences between snowflakes.
Purgatory.
Heterotopias.
The UN building; infrathinly 192 countries.
Feeling numb: physically alive, but not seeming it.
Diplomatic immunity, infrathin transferal of law.
US embassies and military bases in foreign countries; infrathin American soil.
Limbo child: separated from own culture yet not incorporated into host culture.
The cracked texture of scooped ice cream.
Interest in someone you’ve slept with, infrathinly dissipating.
Method of consumption infrathinly affects the experience with drugs.
Digital footprint as infrathin identity.
A heavy metal umlaut’s infrathin relationship to a conventional umlaut.
Between difference and repetition.
Eyelids as light switch.
Hangnails, infrathinly attached.
