SAM RIVIERE
Kim Kardashian’s Marriage

- spooky berries

Edgar Allan Poe
has written a very eerie poem this month
with many allusions to the latest botanical blogging.

A very cute hand
carved natural pumpkin
hanging about 6.5 ft in the air,

and my little lens wasn’t cutting it.
So I popped on my big lens
and got it all.

- thirty-three dust

Dark shadows melded with the night sky,
making it difficult to tell
where the land met the heavens.

Egypt. This rigid regime.
Black & white photos, zonal winds.
The three most dusty summers.

The inventor of rock & roll, among others,
allowed to dry in a gentle stream of clean air,
then stored in a dust-proof container.


- american sunglasses

In the movie The American
(the 2010 film The American,
which sees George Clooney
as Jack, an assassin and gunsmith) George Clooney
(looking effortless in the Persol
3009) wears a pair of Havana-coloured Persol
2883 sunglasses.

- ice-cream hardcore

I dreamt about chasing down an ice-cream truck,
and then finding an ice-cream truck parked.

Ordered the pineapple ice-cream.


- infinity weather

Godfather of clocks,
defy weather and waves,
set for colonisation of moon.


- thirty-three pool

Hi Guys! Keryn and I went swimming!
The deepest indoor swimming pool in the world.
The portal is located in Brussels, Belgium.
Its maximum depth is 34.5 metres.
I tried to bring you guys in the pool with us,
but it was too dark to see or steal her tiara.
I will confirm this tomorrow!

- beautiful berries
Fun photo of Sam and Sonia
ravishing raspberries on a recent trip
well into the winter.
Pink to red-purple with a drugstore splurge,
they are available all year around.
So pretty. Perfect for a party!

But the imagery is important this morning.


- american sincerity

Let us draw near to Russia.
Let us go right into the presence of film criticism.
Let us celebrate music since 2002.
Let us give out pies and eat corn dogs.


- infinity heaven

From childhood, we seem to nurture pictures
so much better that isn’t even fair to compare.


- infinity sunsets

You have stalked this blog,
you must really like me.
Message me anytime
even if it’s just to talk.
I blog about whatever I want.




– The Image Object Post-Internet, Artie Verkant

Post-Internet is defined as a result of the contemporary moment:
inherently informed by ubiquitous authorship,
the development of attention as currency,
the collapse of physical space in networked culture,
and the infinite reproducibility and mutability of digital materials.


- The Digital Revolution, The Poetry of D.H. Rumsfeld

Oh my goodness gracious,
What you can buy off the Internet
In terms of overhead photography!

A trained ape can know an awful lot
Of what is going on in this world,
Just by punching on his mouse
For a relatively modest cost!


– The Brand Called You, Tom Peters (1997)

Regardless of age,
regardless of position,
regardless of the business we happen to be in,
all of us need to understand the importance of branding.
We are CEOs of our own companies: Me Inc.
To be in business today,
our most important job is to be head marketer for the brand called You.


- The Subliminal Man, J.G. Ballard

BUY NOW BUY NOW BUY NOW BUY NOW BUY NOW NEW CAR NOW
NEW CAR NOW NEW CAR NOW YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
YES YES YES




SAM RIVIERE
81 Austerities

- My Face Saw Her Magazine

in your luxury woollen garment you are an advertisement
for luxury woollen garments


– POV

All day I have been watching women
crush ripe tomatoes in their cleavage
whatever you can think of
someone’s already done it


- Dream Poem

I was dressed up as a witch doctor
and used this stick of judgement
taking back the names of creatures
restoring them to myth […]
after I’d taken back everything
I kept hold of my stick using it
to designate the categories that really matter
while adding bones and wings to my hat
sitting up here out of danger
I hate this / I like that


- Crisis Poem

In 3 years I have been awarded
£48,000 by various funding bodies
councils and publishing houses
for my contributions to the art
and I would like to acknowledge
the initiatives put in place
by the government and the rigorous
assessment criteria under which
my work has thrived since 2008
I have written 20 or 21 poems
developed a taste for sushi
decent wine bought my acquaintances
many beers many of whom have
never worked a day in their lives
how would you like to touch my palm
and divine how long my working
week has been mostly I watch films
and stare and try to decide what
to wear speaking as a poet I would
rather blow my brains out than run
out of credit as the biographer
of the famously unresolved
50s poet-suicide has commented
capital is the index of meaning
anything is better than stealing
from the Co-op with a clotted heart
without it you don’t survive

- My Real Name Is

Saori Hara born 1st January 1988 Adult Video idol
face of anti-STD campaigns & star of Tokyo 20XX
who is to appear in the world’s first 3D adult movie
whose memoir My Real Name is Mai Kato: Why I
Became an AV Girl was published December 2009
and details what ‘goes on inside an AV Girl’s head
during filming’ and contains the lines ‘The actor
opened his hand in front of me. It seemed really wet,
filled with sweat … But then I realised the wetness
was from me, from down there. At that moment,
it was spurting out of me. I felt messy, ashamed


- All the Happiness You’ll Ever Needa

the sun in paris rides a skateboard
giving everyone high-fives winking
at a man whose wife leans out from
a first-floor hotel balcony standing
by a fish stall in the still shady streets
of the disgusting latin quarter at 7 a.m.
having violet eyes like you-know-who
and lighting the unlit cigarettes of two
american boys with very serious hair
wearing plain white T-shirts and then
it’s off going waterskiing up the seine


- One Note Solo

it depends if he is genuine or not
if he is it is wonderfully expressive
sensitive overt yet subtle brave art
if he is not it is an arrogance and
conceit a concept daring to see
how stupid people can be how much
they can be conned by confidence
it’s a confidence trick that if he gets
pleasure from makes him in my eyes
an arsehole to do something like that
although it could be argued if the
audience are aware of his exhibitionism
and enjoy the twist to a normal stage
performance it is no matter what his
psychology is and he would not be an
arsehole or a twat only he himself
knows how much of his planned act
however planned is motivated by
honesty and how much is disingenuous
absurdism if that distinction can be made




SAM RIVIERE Kim Kardashianの結婚

- 気まぐれな果実
エドガー・アラン・ポーは、今月、非常に不気味な詩を書いています。空中で約6.5フィートのところに掛けられた天然のカボチャを刻んだとてもかわいい手が、私の小さなレンズはそれをカットしていませんでした。だから私は大きなレンズを突き出して、それをすべて手に入れました。

- 33のダスト
暗い影が夜の空と融合し、その土地がどこの天と出会ったかを知ることが難しくなりました。エジプト。この厳格な体制。白黒の写真、帯状の風。 3つの最も埃の多い夏。ロックンロールの発明者は、とりわけ穏やかな空気の中で乾燥させ、その後防塵容器に保管した。

- アメリカのサングラス
映画The American（2010年の映画The American、ジョージ・クルーニーをジャック、アサシン、ガンスミスと見なすアメリカ人）George Clooney（Persol 3009で楽に見える）は、ハバナ色のPersol 2883サングラスを着用しています。

- アイスクリームハードコア
私はアイスクリームトラックを追いかけ、アイスクリームトラックを見つけたことを夢見ていました。パイナップルアイスクリームを注文しました。

- 無限の天気
時計のゴッドファーザー、天候と波を無視し、月の植民地化を設定します。


SAM RIVIERE 81 Austerities

- Crisis Poem
3年間で、私は芸術への私の貢献のために様々な資金調達機関評議会と出版社から48,000ポンドを授与されました。そして、私の仕事が2008年以来繁栄している政府と厳格な評価基準私は書いた20または21の詩は寿司のための味を開発したまともなワイン私の知人を買った多くのビール彼らの生活の中で一日働いたことがないどのようにあなたは私の手のひらに触れたいと思いますか？映画を見て、何を詩人として話すか決定しようとする私はむしろ私の脳を吹き飛ばして、信じられないほどに未解決の50代の詩人自殺者のバイオグラフィーが資本は何かが窃盗あなたが生き残っていない凝固した心臓でCo-opから


- 私の本名は
原実沙織1988年1月生まれアダルト動画アイドル顔の反STDキャンペーン＆東京20XXのスター、世界の最初の3Dアダルト映画に登場My Real Real My Real Nameは私のAV女優になる理由2009年12月公開撮影中にAV女の子の頭の中で何が起こっているのかを詳しく説明し、「俳優が私の目の前に手を開けました。それは本当に濡れているように見えましたが、汗で満たされました。その瞬間、それは私から拍車をかけていました。私は汚い、恥ずかしそうに感じた
